
 onion -conv, pred -unknown, gripper -conv, LS -empty
action:PlaceInBin

 onion -home, pred -unknown, gripper -home, LS -empty
action:PlaceInBin

 onion -eye, pred -bad, gripper -eye, LS -unavailable
action:PlaceInBin

 onion -bin, pred -unknown, gripper -bin, LS -unavailable
action:PlaceInBin

 onion -conv, pred -unknown, gripper -bin, LS -unavailable
action:PlaceInBin

 onion -home, pred -unknown, gripper -home, LS -unavailable
action:ClaimNewOnion

 onion -eye, pred -good, gripper -eye, LS -unavailable
action:ClaimNewOnion

 onion -placedconv, pred -unknown, gripper -conv, LS -unavailable
action:PlaceInBin

 onion -conv, pred -bad, gripper -conv, LS -notempty
action:PlaceInBin

 onion -home, pred -bad, gripper -home, LS -notempty
action:PlaceInBin

 onion -bin, pred -unknown, gripper -bin, LS -notempty
action:PlaceInBin

 onion -conv, pred -bad, gripper -bin, LS -notempty
action:PlaceInBin

 onion -bin, pred -unknown, gripper -bin, LS -empty
action:PlaceInBin

 onion -conv, pred -unknown, gripper -conv, LS -unavailable
action:PlaceInBin

 onion -conv, pred -unknown, gripper -bin, LS -empty
action:PlaceInBin

 onion -conv, pred -good, gripper -conv, LS -empty
action:PlaceInBin

 onion -conv, pred -good, gripper -eye, LS -empty
action:PlaceInBin

 onion -conv, pred -good, gripper -bin, LS -empty
action:PlaceInBin

 onion -conv, pred -good, gripper -home, LS -empty
action:PlaceInBin

 onion -conv, pred -unknown, gripper -eye, LS -empty
action:PlaceInBin

 onion -conv, pred -unknown, gripper -home, LS -empty
action:PlaceInBin

 onion -home, pred -good, gripper -home, LS -empty
action:PlaceInBin

 onion -conv, pred -bad, gripper -eye, LS -notempty
action:PlaceInBin

 onion -conv, pred -bad, gripper -home, LS -notempty
action:PlaceInBin

 onion -conv, pred -unknown, gripper -eye, LS -unavailable
action:PlaceInBin

 onion -conv, pred -unknown, gripper -home, LS -unavailable
action:PlaceInBin

 onion -placedconv, pred -unknown, gripper -home, LS -unavailable
action:PlaceInBin

 onion -home, pred -good, gripper -bin, LS -notempty
action:PlaceInBin
